Okay.
So in the previous lesson we refactored our spotlight component and we saw how we could use a generic
type argument to the Axios get method to clarify to Axios the shape or the type of the response that
would be received from the endpoint we were reaching out to.
So now that we have that knowledge, let's practice using it.
And you may recall that our code base has a separate API for the right here.
And in here we have a very similar function called get jobs and its responsibility is to fetch the jobs
from the backend.
And then later on there is a UX action that actually runs this asynchronous function and then of course
saves the jobs the view store.
So now that we know a little bit more about how Axios works and its types, let's go ahead and apply
the exact same type logic to this file.
So right here, I'm going to change it to get jobs.
That's right.
And by itself, it doesn't look like TypeScript is going to have any violations.
But remember, TypeScript cannot automatically make an API request for you.
And so it doesn't have any clue about what this method will return as far as the return value from the
actual API URL.
Right.
And if we are able to provide it here, then anywhere where we use the get jobs function throughout
the code base will be able to communicate to that part what this return value will be, which will enable
much better type checking.
So I do want to make sure I tell the get method what slash jobs will return back to me, which of course
is going to be an array of job objects.
So as a reminder, this is the API end point that reach or the API function that reaches out to our
jobs, end point and returns this array of jobs.
And luckily in our types directory right here, we already have an interface declared for a single job
object.
So all I have to tell Axios and the get method in this function call is that my return value will be
above type job array, an array of objects that look like this.
So right here in get jobs.
How important my job.
Interface and that is going to come from the root directory, then the API folder and the types file.
We just opened that a second ago and so right here we saw in the previous lesson the get method when
we're working with access in TypeScript allows us to define a generic argument.
And remember, a generic is just a type that we provide when we invoke a function not in the official
declaration of the function or the type definition, because that is in the Axos library itself.
That is the work of other developers, but they're defining that function to accept the generic that
we can provide here, and they will then integrate into the type checking by double checking that the
actual value of the shape of the, of the return that we declare here.
So basically we're saying whenever we reach out to slash jobs, we promise that the response will look
like this.
It's going to be a job array.
So once again, job as an interface.
And then I'm providing square brackets to clarify an array of objects that look like that.
All right.
So save that.
And with that, we can also open up our corresponding test file.
So get jobs type test that J.
Yes, let's move that over to the right.
Let me collapse this.
Let me open up my terminal.
Let me then open up my sidebar again and change the file extension to Dot's.
There we go.
And we run into the exact same issues as we did throughout many times throughout this course.
So right here I'm going to say contact Axios, get Mark is going to be Axios dot get but interpreted
as a different type of just that mark, which means right here I have to replace Axios, get with Axios,
get mark, save that.
And as I scroll down, it doesn't look like there are any other issues.
So I can run NPM, run, test and watch.
And I made a commit at the end of the previous lesson.
So this should only identify this file as well as maybe the action that actually invokes it, which
makes sense.
And if I run these, we can see everything is passing.
All right.
So now we've clarified what the response shape will look like when we hit the job's endpoint.
So when our action actually uses get jobs, it now knows what to expect as the return value.
Right.
You can see here, if I hover over, get jobs, you can see it's going to be a promise that it doesn't
just resolve to any.
But I promise that resolves to reveal an array of jobs.
And that's because we clarified that using Axios of what we're expecting here, which allowed it to
figure out or infer the return value of the function itself.
Right.
So we fill in all of these small puzzle pieces and TypeScript knows a little bit more to be able to
infer better, which of course reverberates throughout the code base and makes the entire code base
better as a result because it can perform type, checking in more locations.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.